Added Kafka bridge example with metrics enabled (#3383)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/modules/metrics/ref_metrics-config-files.adoc

│   └── strimzi-kafka-exporter.json <3>
├── kafka-connect-metrics.yaml <4>
├── kafka-metrics.yaml <5>
├── kafka-mirror-maker-2-metrics.yaml <6>
├── kafka-bridge-metrics.yaml <7>
├── prometheus-additional-properties
│   └── prometheus-additional.yaml <8>
├── prometheus-alertmanager-config
│   └── alert-manager-config.yaml <9>
└── prometheus-install
    ├── alert-manager.yaml <10>
    ├── prometheus-rules.yaml <11>
    ├── prometheus.yaml <12>
    ├── strimzi-pod-monitor.yaml <13>
--
<1> Installation file for the Grafana image
<2> Grafana dashboards
<3> Grafana dashboard specific to xref:assembly-kafka-exporter-{context}[Kafka Exporter]
<4> Metrics configuration that defines Prometheus JMX Exporter relabeling rules for Kafka Connect
<5> Metrics configuration that defines Prometheus JMX Exporter relabeling rules for Kafka and ZooKeeper

> <6> Metrics configuration that defines Prometheus JMX Exporter relabeling rules for Kafka Mirror Maker 2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<6> Metrics configuration that defines Prometheus JMX Exporter relabeling rules for Kafka MirrorMaker 2.0.
```
